Akaashi...
Don't set for me anymore today!
Okay.
Huh?
But in exchange, please calm down.
I don't know what's going on,
but their ace doesn't seem to be doing well!
Let's keep it up!
Yeah!
I keep running as I run out of breath
With dreams on my mind and a fire in my belly
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
I feel like I'll be left behind in this world
If I come to a standstill
People ask me why I find joy in this
But I don't understand it myself
Running is the only thing on my mind
Even if nothing goes right in the future
I won't stop trying to find the best version of myself
Even if someone tells me that this is as far as I go
And draws the line on me
I'll say no, thank you, and surge on ahead
So what?
Whatever the future may bring
However people are supposed to act
So what?
It doesn't really matter
So I'm a believer
Episode Eleven:
"Up Above"
All right!
Nice spike!
Yeah!
All right!
Karasuno                     Fukurodani
M-Maybe I'm just imagining it,
but it doesn't seem like Fukurodani is fazed at all.
Yeah...
Here's a chance!
Here.
Right now, there are two attackers up front for Fukurodani.
Will they do a fast attack from the middle,
a back row attack,
or will number four finally come back?
A setter dump!
Fukurodani's back in the lead!
Karasuno                   Fukurodani
And the ace hasn't even scored once!
Bokuto may look like the eldest son of the family,
but he's actually the youngest.
Nice, Akaashi!
Thank you.
Though he is the strongest individually.
Nice receive!
We're used to Bokuto's slumps.
The smallest thing can make him happy or depressed.
Left!
What are we gonna do with him?
All right!
Karasuno                     Fukurodani
Fukurodani's on match point!
Just one more point!
I guess Fukurodani isn't a team that Bokuto leads, but one where the team leads the way for him.
I touched it!
I understand now that Fukurodani isn't a one-man team of Bokuto.
That said...
He's definitely the scariest person on their team.
Totally shut out!
All right! Just one more point for a deuce!
Karasuno                     Fukurodani
Wow...
Well done.
If I mess up the serve here, the match will instantly end.
I'll...
definitely make this one land!
Komi!
Yeah!
Nice receive!
I'm sure Karasuno's figured out
what kind of team we are by now.
Which means their attention is off of the ace.
And he wants to spike so bad that he's getting fidgety!
We'll let you have the spotlight.
So...
pick yourself back up...
ace!
Karasuno                     Fukurodani
Please.
Leave it to us.
Nice job, ace!
That was awesome!
In the end, it just has to be the ace!
Oh no! It's a raptor!
Your hair's like a great horned owl!
I'm truly the best!
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey...
He's able to pick himself back up so quickly.
So that's what you call simple-minded.
The weakness of their ace draws out the strengths of the other members.
And at the same time, it becomes
the root that holds the team together.
I guess that's another form of strength.
To be honest, I was thinking we might be okay if we
were able to stop Bokuto, but I guess that was naïve.
I bet he's allowed the freedom to do
whatever he wants without them caring
Aren't I awesome, Akaashi?!
because they have complete faith in one another.
For sure, Bokuto.
Our team just isn't at the point where any of them can be that selfish yet.
I'm sorry!
That last serve was a total meatball because I chickened out!
If you can realize that all by yourself, you're doing just fine.
What determines whether you can win or not is
how aggressive you can be in situations like that.
Nobody wants to end a match
because of a mistake they made.
He's talking about you.
Shut up!
But nobody will blame you for trying to hit a serve to take the win, either.
Yes, sir!
Anyway, that was one hell of a losing streak we went on.
Though one thing is for certain.
Your offense will work against the top teams in the country!
Right now, your serves and combo attacks are no match for our opponent's.
This is no surprise since you guys started practicing them way later.
But that doesn't mean you should give up.
Don't think that you've reached your limit.
You know how when you mix colors, they become muddled and dirty?
But once you finish mixing, you get the
color which no other can overtake—black.
Please make our team black, a fitting color for crows.
Oops! Was my metaphor too difficult to understand?
No! Thank you very much, sir!
Thank you very much, sir!
All right, time for our last penalty of the training camp!
One lap of diving drills!
Yessir!
Asahi!
There's still a little time left,
so could you hit some of my sets?
Sure thing.
Noya! Let me hit a few too!
Sounds good, Ryuu!
Oh, me too.
You'll throw them up for us, Suga?
That'll be perfect!
Um, not exactly.
I'm gonna spike.
Damn it.
If we'd practiced our fast attack just a bit more,
we might've been able to take a set off of Fukurodani.
But we have a way to fight them now.
Even if they can predict our moves or catch up to us...
we can fight!
That all depends on my sets.
It's fine. You'll get there eventually.
Don't tell me what I'm gonna do!
Are you saying you won't?
Of course I'll get there eventually, moron!
So I was right!
Let's go practice that fast attack!
It's a good thing being that stupid isn't contagious.
Yeah!
We head straight into the spring tourney prelims as soon as we get back.
Yeah. The next time we'll come back to Tokyo will be after that.
I hope it won't be as hot then.
Nah, it'll probably still be warm.
What's his problem, Suga?
If we don't make it through the prelims,
the three of us won't be able to come back.
Oh look, it's Mr. Gloomy Goatee!
Wh-What...
Of course we'll be coming back, moron!
You're right. Sorry.
Begone, gloom!
Actually, you sounded like Kageyama just now.
Moron! Hinata, you moron!
It's perfect!
Do it again!
I-It feels like I'm getting an extra scolding somehow...
What?
Hell yeah! It's meat time!
I could eat an entire cow!
Take the plates over to where Miyanoshita is.
Sure.
There we go.
So even Bokuto has slumps.
Yeah.
He sometimes self-destructs in bizarre ways.
On the other hand, he doesn't care how good our opponents are, so it works out in the end.
When everyone else on the team loses hope, he's usually still pretty energetic.
Despite everything, he's pretty reliable.
Bokuto!
W-We're not gonna lose in an actual match!
Oh yeah?! Bring it on, then!
Before spring nationals,
we need to have our meat war, Hinata!
Ahem.
Thank you for all the hard work
in this week-long training camp!
Tasty food smiles at the sound of hunger.
Feel free to repair your muscles as much as you wish!
Thanks for the food!
So then, Kenma...
Stop right there!
Don't steal my food, you bastard!
Have some rice balls too!
Oh, thank—
What?!
Do you understand, Ryuu?
Of course.
Tora?
Yes, Master.
Do not allow for any dudes to use these
good spirits as an excuse to approach Kiyoko!
As you wish!
Go!
You go!
Why is Nishinoya the master?
Apparently, it's because he's the only one to have been slapped by Shimizu.
I see...
Tsukishima!
You need to eat more!
There's no way I can eat that much.
C'mon! Eat some veggies too!
Kenma! You eat some too, damn it!
Eat some rice!
You mean meat! Eat some meat, Tsukki!
You won't grow big otherwise!
Are they, like, some pushy uncles?
And he's the young, defiant nephew who can't stand them.
The generals totally see that and are having fun with it.
Hey, Suga.
One of your managers is acting really strange. Is she okay?
Th-This is like...
a jungle of giants!
The meat smells so good... I wanna eat some...
Is this done already?
But if I carelessly rush in there, they might eat me by accident!
Hey, I was planning on eating that!
Or worse, barbecue me!
Can you reach? Would you like me to get you something?
I promise I don't taste good!
Er, I mean, I'm fine! Thanks!
I was thinking about eating this.
I-It's delicious.
It tastes like real life...
Yacchan? The one you just ate looked really charred. Are you all right?
Want some tea?
There's water too.
Doesn't that look a bit sketchy to you?
Yeah...
They'd probably get the cops called on them if this was in the city.
I definitely wouldn't want to be surrounded by them.
I'd much rather have them surround me.
Karasuno's third-years seem like they have their act together.
Our managers are all quite beautiful,
but with Karasuno joining us,
I think it has gone up one notch further.
What do you think?
I cannot argue.
Our ace is pretty weak-willed, though.
What? Really?
He sure looks scary.
That's probably better than having such a simple-minded ace.
What?!
You're in the nation's top five?!
That's awesome!
Right? Right?!
Ushiwaka from your region is in the top three, you know.
Top three?!
Hey! That really hurts, you know?!
Three? Who are the other two?
Ushiwaka from the Tohoku region,
Kiryuu from the Kyushu region,
and Sakusa from the Kanto region.
Those are the three best aces in the country this year.
One of those three is in Miyagi of all places.
Hey, Tsukki!
You practiced a ton against my spikes!
I won't allow you to be intimidated by Ushiwaka!
Could you please not call me that?
Besides, just because they're the best doesn't mean their teams are the top three teams in the country.
Yeah! Exactly!
Though Sakusa's team, Itachiyama,
is the odds-on favorite to win spring nationals.
Then...
...if we beat them, we'll be number one?
Strong words coming from the
top two at sucking in the country!
Hinata must be number one.
Kenma said that my serves and receives were better!
D'oh!
Coach Nekomata.
Again, thank you very much for inviting us.
In the end, you couldn't stop my spikes, Tsukki!
It appears their change happened because we came here.
No thanks needed. We got some good motivation too,
so it was mutually beneficial.
Lev, you got a cat out of a tree?
Kenma's arms were too short, so he couldn't reach.
Six months from now, not one team here will be the same team as it is now.
The members will change, forming new teams.
Man, I'm stuffed.
They haven't yet played a match without any regrets.
Oh, so the prelims are later in Tokyo.
Well, we have a lot of schools.
Not that I've seen, anyway.
Still, I'd like them to play a match where they have no regrets.
All we can do to achieve that is give our very best.
Right.
I hate being bad.
Huh?
But the fact that there are a lot of people up above me...
makes me really excited!
Well, see ya next time.
Yeah, 'til next time.
The summer vacation training camps...
are now over.
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
The Japanese National High School Boys' Volleyball Tournament
Miyagi Prefecture Qualifier Preliminary Round Bracket
If we win twice tomorrow, we'll go to the qualifiers in October to decide our region's representative.
The Japanese National High School Boys' Volleyball Tournament
Miyagi Prefecture Qualifier Preliminary Round Bracket
On top of the eight schools that make it past the preliminaries,
eight powerhouse schools will go to that tournament in October.
We can only play two matches in the prelims?
Since we made it to the top 16 in the
interhigh prelims, we got a first-round bye.
Wow! We're awesome!
All right, let's start with stretches!
F-Finally... o-official matches...
Yessir!
I-I-I'm getting nervous now.
One, two, three, four...
Oh, right. This will be your first tournament.
Five, six, seven, eight...
Yep.
Two, two, three, four...
For us...
Five, six, seven, eight...
it's the last.
One, two, three, four...
Five, six, seven, eight...
Sorry! Please don't start crying!
Two, two, three, four...
I-I'm not gonna cry! A mosquito just flew into my eye!
Five, six, seven, eight...
A mosquito?!
Here I go!
Make it good!
Bring it!
Don't hit it to the libero. Don't hit it to the libero.
Don't hit it to the libero!
Why is it that it always goes there when I think that?
That was a good serve, Yamaguchi!
It was hard to get!
Oh, right...
He dug it out perfectly, though.
One more time!
What are you concentrating so hard on?
Oh, Ukai.
Well, I was thinking that while our first-years are amazing, there are tons of other amazing first-years too.
Yeah.
That guy, huh?
Kakugawa Academy
He sure is something.
I'm home.
Whoa, Kei. You grew even taller.
You totally passed me by a long time ago.
Big Bro.
Hey. Long time no see.
It's really been a while since we've gotten to talk.
Has it?
Even when I come home,
you usually never leave your room other than to eat.
Is that so?
You look a bit different.
You went to that training camp, right? Was it rough?
It was fine.
You've got "rough" written all over your face!
You still play volleyball, right?
Yeah, I'm on a team.
Do you enter tournaments?
Yeah, we do.
You want to know why I'm still playing after what happened in high school, am I right?
I'm still playing...
because of what happened in high school.
I still really regret it when I think about it.
I can't take anything good from the experience at all.
What you saw was such a disgrace.
I didn't do anything in high school.
I didn't get to experience the
enjoyable parts of volleyball at all.
But I've already experienced them.
I know how good it feels to land a spike,
and how proud the roar of the crowd makes me.
That one moment existing is the difference.
I want to be somewhere I can give it my very best until I'm completely satisfied.
Right...
I see.
Ukai
You guys have a tournament starting tomorrow, don't you?
You should wrap it up soon!
One more! Just one more!
We'll finish after this one!
Please!
You know, this is the first time I've seen the tall boy.
Just one more.
Thanks!
He said he didn't get enough practice today
and begged to use our courts until we started.
All right, Hinata! We're going to nail this!
Yeah!
Let's do this, Kageyama!
I know!
It seems he's the setter from Shou's school.
Is that so?
Here we go!
I've been watching for a while, but they keep messing up.
Whoa! Aone, have you gotten even taller?!
What's this? Dropping by again, Kamasaki?
Nothing better to do?
Having trouble finding a job?
Aren't your sleeves rolled up too far?
Futakuchi, you punk! You should be more appreciative of your—
Hey, Kunimi.
Was that story Oikawa told for real?
Seemed real to me.
I mean, he does pretty reckless things.
What? Torino?
It's Karasuno.
Where's that? Never heard of it.
If we can defeat Shiratorizawa,
no one else in the prefecture stands a chance.
Simple as that.
Better too big than too small
I'm Hinata Shouyou, from the concrete.
I'm gonna crush you
and go to nationals.
One more.
August 11th.
The Japanese National High School
Volleyball Championship Tournament,
A.K.A. the Spring Volleyball National Tournament.
The preliminary round of the
Miyagi qualifiers begins today!
We climb the mountain in our way
Losing more than just time in the process
Tasting freedom makes us want to fly
And notice the feelings welling up inside
It's almost in our reach
The closer we get, the more it shines
And stretches out in front of our eyes
That panorama created just for us
Until I reach the top and come back down, my lungs will keep breathing
But now I've been possessed by the desire to climb that summit once again
We cast aside all our doubt and set flight to the skies
Our flailing hands reach out and grab hold of the moment
That special moment
Come to us climbers
Come to us right now
Sometimes just having a super-tall guy can be the difference between victory and defeat!
I'm not tall enough that you need to add "super."
Height is a weapon in its own right!
You're so not cute.
Please don't look for cuteness in a guy who's almost 190 cm tall.
Episode Twelve:
Let the Matches Begin!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"Let the Matches Begin!"